---
layout: post
title:  "Null"
date:   2020-06-04 01:40 +0800
categories: thoughts
tags: life
image: bike.jpeg
applause: true
short_description: back to part of my thought source!
--- 

<div markdown="1" id="text">
Every time I come to a stale stage, don't have a clear idea to motivate myself to take action, I always come back to watch `The Story of Aaron Swartz` documentary, for in the beginning of I self-taught myself programming, Swartz's story is spirit source motivates me. His words always can enlighten me from different sides and depths. The <a href="https://qblog.aaronsw.com/post/30628091215/the-simple-function-call">the simple function call </a> this time.

He wrote <blockquote> A good programmer does not simply read the code as English. They build a model of it in their head and try to figure out what it’s doing.</blockquote>

Yes programming is a mental model, the logic rule, so it can't be really be written in English, but needed to be translated into logics. I'm lack distance on this part, so I need to put more time to **practice...

Recently, I started to look for a new job after my previous company is not "existed". I admit it's quite a hard timing to sell myself on job market, some phone call interviews and some rejections since I started to look for after May holiday. Then my skills is far from of professional, so much to be polished to be hit. I failed this Monday's whiteboard algorithm interview, for I didn't realize to solve that `map` data structure I should use `recursive` to get boolean output to find dataset relations for an `(in)finite map`.

The reflection, I appreciated each interview, for it makes me grow, even in the end it comes to rejection, I still can learn from the fail, to better to prepare my next interview.

Yes no one ever know what will happen tomorrow, but living today is a proof and predicate condition for tomorrow. 
</div>